<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   
      
         
            The Ian Williams Motocross Collection: A Digital
               Transcription
            Various authors, most unknown. Known authors include; Basil Brindley and Barry
                  Mason
            Ian Williams
            Jacqueline Williams
            
               Materials selected and encoded by,
               Jacqueline Williams
               Elisabeth Nonstad
            
         
         
            Jacqueline Williams
               Elisabeth Nonstad
            30 June 2022
            
               
                  Boschetsrieder Strasse 53
                  Munich
                  81379
                  Germany
               
            
            The University of Borås
            
               Produced and available for academic purposes only
               Ongoing efforts are being made to secure the copyright permission to share this
                  document publicly. Issues related to securing copyright persmission relate to
                  i)lack of information regarding publication source ii)publications being out of
                  print iii)journalists/photographers desceased iv)difficulties in securing a
                  response from the Irish Independent Newspaper
            
         
         
            Transcribed for Digitising Cultural Heritage Material 32LDK1 B12V2 VT2022
         
         
            
               
                  From the private possession of Ian
                        Williams, currently in the possesion of Josephine
                        Williams
                  Ian Williams' motocross
                     scrapbook
               
               
                  
                     
                        
                           Black card with a plastic textured coating, heavy black
                              scrapbook paper, newspaper paper, photographic paper, notbook paper,
                              pink paper and tape
                           The digitised material includes both pages from the scrapbook
                              manuscript and a selection of photographs which have been kept in a
                              plastic pocket,stored between the pages of the scrapbook. Some of the
                              photographs appear to have come lose from the scrapbook over time.
                           The outer cover of the document is not yet included in the selected
                              pages for this project, as of June 2022
                        
                         Scrapbook pages 
                              24
                              35
                            Photographs 
                              
                              
                           
                           For the purpose of this project, a selection of ten pages and ten
                              photographs have been selected, as of June 2022. The maximum and
                              minimum measurements apply to both the selected photographs and the
                              larger collection.
                        
                        
                           The leaves are not arranged in any order, it could be
                              logically assumed that the leaves have been filled chronologically in
                              order from front to back.
                           The photographs are not organised in any way
                        
                        
                           The leaves are bound together in a black, hard,
                              carboard cover which has a synthetic, textured surface. The leaves and
                              cover are bound by a two whole punch and a dark green piece of string.
                              The contents of the leaves have been fixed using glue and/or clear
                              tape. 
                           The photographs have been stored in a plastic
                              pocket, kept within the scrapbbok
                        
                        
                            The condition of the content of the leaves is quite
                              good. They all intact, except for some fraying around the edges and
                              slight tears. The condition of the content of the leaves is quite poor
                              (i.e. newspaper clippings and photographs). Many of the newspaper
                              clippings are torn, creased, stained or worn and illegible in parts. 
                            The condition of the photographs are fair, some
                              are stained and marked by the use of clear tape. 
                        
                     
                  
                  
                     
                        There is one piece of written text in the scrapbook, that serves as a
                           descriptive caption to photograph written in blue ink in all capital
                           letters by Ian Williams.
                  
               
               
                  
                     This scrapbook was compiled by Ian Williams
                        sometime in the late 50's, c.1956. It chronicals
                        his time as a motocross racer in Dublin, along with
                        his brother, Eric Williams. The majority of
                        content refers to races and events held in Ireland
                        and the United Kingdom. The majority of newspaper
                        clippings do not have a date or source publication name, therefore their
                        origin is unknow. Ian Williams kept the
                        scrapbook until his passing in January 2022. The
                        scrapbook is now in the possession of his wife, Jospehine
                           Williams and has been loaned for the use of this project. An
                        ongoing effort is being made to discover the source of the newspaper
                        articles contained within the scrpabook. 
                  
               
            
            
               
                  TheIan Williams Motocross Collection: A
                     Digital Transcription
                  various authors
               
               
                  The Ian Williams Motocross
                     Collection
                  
                  
                     Germany
                     Ten scrapbook pages, ten
                        photographs
                  
               
            
         
      
      
         
            Newspaper clippings and photographs documenting motorsports in 1950s Ireland collected and bound in a scrapbook by Ian Williams. Digitised by Jackie Williams and Elisabeth Nonstad for archival, preservation and publication purposes.
         
         
            Spelling errors not corrected, content only added if the page was damaged and it was possible to ascertain what was missing. Punctuation kept as in the original text.
         
      
      
         
             A scrapbook containing newspaper clippings and photographs documenting the experiences
               of Ian Williams in his motorcross days in Dublin, Ireland, in the 1950's.
            
         
         
            Dublin, Ireland 
            c. 1956
         
         
            Original text in blue ink, written by Ian Williams.
         
         
            British English
         
         
            
                  
                     
                        Ian
                      Williams
                     
                  
            
         
         
            Scrapbook
            Newspaper clippings
            
            Local newspapers
            
            
            
            
         
         
       
            
               
               Motor cross
               Moto cross
               Motorsport
               Rider
               Sport
               Motorcycle
               Dublin
               Ireland
               Photograph
               Scrapbook
            
            
       
      

   


   

   


      

         
            
               Surface 1_1 of page 1 (sb_03)
                A newspaper article cutting featuring an in-article photograph 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 1_2 of page 1 (sb_03)
                A piece of pink paper with text that has been cut. The paper is damaged and
                  missing a section on the right hand side 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 1_3 of page 1 (sb_03)
                A newspaper article cutting. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 1_4 of page 1 (sb_03)
               A black and white photograph of two men race motorcyles in a grass field, in
                  the lead is Ian Williams, riding a motorcycle
                  marked number '34' the man behind (unidentified) rides a motorbike marked number
                  '45'. In the background Two onlookers stand next to a parked car. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 1_5 of page 1 (sb_03)
               A black and white photograph of two men riding motorcycles in a race along a
                  grassy track. The man in the foreground (unidentified) is on a motorcycle marked
                  number '47'. The man in the background (Ian
                     Williams) is on a motorcyle marked number '49'
               
               



            
         

      
   

   
      

         

         
            
               
                  A black and white image, which is loacted at the top,
                     centre of the article, of two motorcycle racers; Ian
                        Williams (foreground), who is raising up the front wheel of his
                     bike, and an unidentified man (background).
                  
                  


                  CHAMPIONSHIP CHALLENGER . . .
                  Dublin rider Ian Williams (Ariel ) who rides in to-morrow’s Hurst Cup International Trial at Conling,
                        Belfast.
               
            
            
               Hurst Cup Trial Has Big English Entry

               By BASIL
                  BRINDLEY
            
            
               WITH an entry of 79 for to-morrow’s Hurst Cup Trial, officials of the Knock Motor Cycle Club must be feeling very happy, as 80 is the
                  maximum figure specified on the regulations.
            
            
            
               The international event will be held over a number of laps
                  in the Clandeboye Estate, Belfast, and total
                  distance will be somewhat less than 50 miles.
               English competitors did excep- tionally well last year and, judging by
                  the increase in their numbers on this occasion, they intend to return
                  with the valuable perpetual trophy for another 12 months.
               The Sunbeam Motor Cycle Club is
                  responsible for no less than seven members of the eighteen- strong cross
                  -Channel challenge. Included in this team are Johnny
                     Brittain (Royal Enfield),
                     P. H. Alves (Triumph), B. W. Martin ( B.S.A.) and the Wicken
                  brothers who will be Norman and
                     Triumph- mounted.
               Scotsman J. H. Birrell has entered a junior "Gold Star" while other visitors of note
                  are E. Usher (Match-
                     less), G. L. Jackson (A.J.S.), E. W. Smith
                     (Francis Barnett) and J.
                     V. Smith (B.S.A.) Leinster will be represented by practically every
                  outstanding rider in the province and regulars like Dudley
                     Ryder (Matchless),
                     Joe Dawson (
                     B.S.A.), Mick Tracey (Norton),
                  Freddie Dickson (Sun) and Kevin Keegan (B.S.A.) may be relied upon to acquit
                  themselves well.
            


            
                Strong Ulster Bid
               Travelling up from the south also with good reputations are
                     Dave Felton ( Francis
                     Barnett), Ian Williams,
                     Reg Armstrong (Gilera)
                  and James exponents
                     Ernie Lyons,
                  Doug Ewen and Aubrey Archer.
               With over 50 p.c. of the entry,
                  Ulster is in a strong position and if a Six-County man
                   is to win the event,
                  it’s odds on Sammy Miller from
                     Belfast being the one to do it. Riding a
                     197 c.c, James, this road
                  racing and trials star has proved himself almost invincible during the
                  season and he must have an outstanding chance to- morrow.

               Able support will come from Bill Clark (Royal Enfield). Tommy
                  Robb ( Francis
                  Barnett), W. J. Hutton (Greeves), Terry Hill
                     (B.S.A.), Brian
                     McClery (Royal Enfield)
                  and Bertie Mann (Francis
                     Barnett), all of whom have been figuring well in this
                  year’s events.
               The trial begins at 12 o’clock and starting point is near the Lead
                     Mines, Conling.
            
            
                Entries: A.J.S.
                     —-G. L. Jackson, H.  N. Niblock.
                     Ariel —  D.
                     Bradley, I.  Williams,
                     W. Stewart.B.S.A. — A.  Woods (or James), J. H. Birrell,
                     R. T. Hill, J. V. Smith,
                     B. W. Martin,
                  G. J. Draper, J. L. Crossle,
                     E. Gill,
                   I. Creighton, J. C. Dawson.
                     K. Keegan, P. C. O. Stanfield.
                     Dot—A Clarke, T. J. B.
                     Stronge, I Millar. Francis-Barnett—N. D. Metcalfe:
                     B. Crawford, G. E. Fisher,
                     T. H. Robb,
                  B Mann
                  C. Bell, B. J Andrews,
                  D. R. Felton, E. W. Smith. A
                     Shutt,
                  D. J. Campbell, R. Jackson, N
                     Bell. Gilera—R. Armstrong. Greeves—H. C. Parkinson, W.
                     J. Hutton, D. G. Mayne, R.
                     Stewart. H.J.H.—D. Andrews. 
                  James—R.
                     Stevenson, M. Brosnan,
                  H. Dunlop. S. H. Miller
                  N. W. Green-away, S. Moore,
                     D. C. Ewen, A. H. L. Archer,
                     E. Lyons, B. McConnell (or
                  B.S.A.). J. M.
                     Simpson. W. H. Martin,
                  J. B. Haughton. Lambretta—W.
                     Peden.
                  Matchless—E.
                     Usher, D. F. Ryder,
                  D. R. O’Neill. H. Dickson.
                     Norman—R. W.
                           Peacock , S. Wicken,
                     I. 
                           Boal
                           Beal
                        ,J. S. Quigg.
                   Norton—R J.
                     McKee. M. G. Tracey,
                  J. S Tyrrell. E. L. Theorin.
                     W. R. Chamberlain
                  O.E.C.-N.
                     McKeag.
                  Royal Enfield-J.
                     Brittain, W. J. M.  Clark, B. H.
                     McClery, C. D. Metcalfe. 
                  Sun- F. C.
                     Dickson, E. Rice.
                  Triumph-S.
                     Spence, P. H. Alves,
                  J. Giles, J. E.
                     Wicken. 
            
         


         
            
               "B.B.. RUSSEL" TROPHY: The winner this year is Ian deserved,he
               was placed at every meeting except the  20 1/2
               points. Runner-up is Ernie Lyons who won the
                  cup with 15 1/2 points;
               followed by D. C. Ewen, 8 points; F
               C. Coard, E. Callaghan and M.
                  Tracey with 6 points.
         


         
            
               Slade Scramble

               By BASIL BRINDLEY
            

            
               
                  LONG handicap man, Stan Tracey, scored a
                  comfortable win from the near scratch pair, Freddie Dickson and Edmund
                  Gill, in the Nicholson Memorial Scramble at, the Slade yesterday.

               The event was run over fifteen laps and was preceded by the shorter
                  distance Carville Cup race, where honours went to
                     C. Childs on an
                  Ariel.
            

            
               Results—Nicholson Memorial Trophy .
                     . (15 laps)—1,
                     S. A. Tracey (Sun) (loss obsv. 36)(lost time 16) (h’cap. 70) (net
                  518) 2, F. C.
                     Dickson (Sun)
                  (47) (nil) (30) (483); 3, E. P. Gill (B.S.A.) (37) (13)
                     (480).
                  Best on time—-M. G.
                     Tracey (Nor- ton)
                     (35) (10) (scr.) (455). Best on observation—I. Creighton
                     (B.S.A.) 
                  (30) (27) (30) (473).
                  250 c.c. class— A. H. L.
                     Archer (James) (49) (32) (40) (4559). 350 c.c. class - D. Ryder
                   Matchless) (39)
                     (14) (scr.) (447). 500 c.c.
                     class—I. 
                        Williamson
                        Williams
                      (Ariel)  (88) (25) (50) (437).
                  CARVILLE CUP (8 laps) — 1, C. Childs (Ariel)  (58) (25) (70)
                     (487) ; 2,
                  G. F. Scarlett (Dot) (46) (1) (10)
                     (463); 3. D. Cullen (Norton) (88) (1)
                     (501) (461).
            

         

         

         

      
   


   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 2_1 of page 2 (sb_04)
                A black and white photograph of David Tye (left) Ian
                     Williams (right) sitting on stationary mud-clad motorbikes 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 2_2 of page 2 (sb_04)
                A small piece of note book paper cut out with some text written on it to
                  descibe the picture above. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 2_3 of page 2 (sb_04)
                A cut out newspaper article. 
               
               
            
         

      
   

   
      

         

         


         
            SMILES FROM DAVID TYE AND
               MYSELF AT BRAY SCRAMBLE
         

         

            
               Ian Williams
                   Beats Brother

               IAN WILLIAMS returned
                  to grass track racing in sparkling form and at the Dublin University
                  grass track races at Powerscourt yester- day his victories included
                  an exciting finish in the handicap final where he beat his brother Eric
                  by half a wheel.
            

            
               Graded Scratch Race A
                  -- 1.
                  K. Cotter (248
                     Excelsior); 2,
                     M. D. Thornton (197
                     Dot); 3,
                     J. D. Poynton (197
                     Dot). 5 mins. 42 secs.
                  Graded Scratch Race B
                  --1, G. F.
                     Scarlett (197 Dot); 2, F. C.
                  Dickson (197 Dot); 3, J. Barkley
                     (197 Dot). 5 mins 28 secs. Graded Scratch Race C-—1, R. Williams
                     (197 Aerial);
                  2
                  E. Williams (497
                     Aerial); 3, D. J. Dixon (344
                     Norton Jap). 5 mins. 5 secs.

               
                  Open Handicap- Heat 1 -
                  1
                  W. Hogan (197
                     Dot); 2, I. Williams (497
                     Aerial); 3
                  L, Armstrong (500
                     Jap). 5 mins. 47 secs. Heat
                        2—1. F. C. Dixon (197 Dot); 2. S. Foody (348
                     B.S.A.); 3.
                     J- D. Roche (348
                     B.S.A.). 5 mins. 22 secs. Heat
                        3—
                  1
                  E Williams (497
                     Aerial); 2,
                     G. B. Scarlett (197
                     Dot): 3.
                     K. Cotter (244
                     Excelsior). 5 mins. 7 secs. Handi-cap Final — 1. I Williams (497 Aerial); 2
                  E. Williams (497
                     Aerial);
                  3, G. F.
                     Scarlett (197 Dot). 5
                  mins. dead.

               
                  250 c.c. Scratch Race—Heat 1—
                  1s, D. Pearson (248
                     N.S.U.). 
                     Heat 2-
                  G. F. Scarlett (197
                     Dot.). Final--1,G. F. Scarlett
                     (197 Dot.); 2. F. C. ’Dickson
                     (197 Dot.): 3. D. Pear- son (248 N.S.U.). 5 mins. 17s.
                  
                     350 c.c. scratch race—1, D. Dixon (344 Norton Jap.); 2, S. Foody (348 B.S.A.); 3, W. E. Harris (348 B.S.A.). 5 mins. 11s. 500 c.c.
                     scratch race—1.
                     I. Williams (497
                     Aerial); 2,
                  E. Williams (497
                     Ariel); 3,
                     J. Porter (500
                     Jap.). 4 mins 58 secs.
            
         
         

         
            Results of Autocross
            THE M.G. Car Club held an autocross At Lynch Dark. Sag- gart, Co. Dublin
               yesterday. The course was 1/2 mile long and each race was over 4 laps.
               Results: - Saloon Class — Scratch — J. C. Millarad (Fiat
               600). 4 mins. 17 secs. Handicap—Miss E. Penston (V.W.), 4 mins. 22 secs.
                  , Open Class—Scratch—M. Hayes (Triumph TR2). 4 mins, 46
               secs. Handicap—M. Kennedy (Triumph TR2). 4 mins. 45 secs. Specials—Scratch—B. K. Hood (Ford Special), 4 mins. 9 secs. Handicap—S.
               V. Baker (Ford Special). 4 mins. 17 secs; R. Red- mond (Ford Special), 4
               mms. 18 secs. 
         



      
   


   




   
      

         
            
               Surface 3_1 of page 3 (sb_06)
                A black and white photograph of a man (possibly Ian
                     Williams) rides a motorcycle (marked number 5), which has it's front
                  and back wheels lifted off the ground, over a rocky path. 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 3_2 of page 3 (sb_06)
                A cut out newspaper article. 
               
               
            
         


      
   


   
      
         

         

         

            
               
                  12
                  Irish Independent, Wednesday, October 3, 1956
            

            
               Motor Sport Review

                Moto-Cross Was Great Success

                BY BARRY MASON
            
            
            
               THE outstanding success of the
                  Dublin and District Motor Cycle Club's Moto-Cross
                  last Saturday indicated that there is a bright future in this country
                  for such an event

               Irish riders’ lack of practice was obvious and if they are to hold their
                  own in the future there must be more events for training. It was very
                  interesting to see how quickly some of them "caught on” last Satur- day.
                  The outstanding Irish competi- tor was Ian
                     Williams, who has had some experience recently in
                     Eng- land, where he was riding for the Ariel
                  factory.


               The most obvious things that our men have to
                     learn are. keep- ing the taps open and front wheel control. It was
                     wonderful to see how the British experts could con- trol their bikes
                     at higher speeds than those at which many of our men were losing
                     control of their machines.

               Front wheel lifting seems to be the answer. At one particularly tricky
                  point, the course crossed a lane. Here the less experienced were “
                  jumping ” their machines at the start of the crossing, landing on the
                  far side of the lane and “ jumping ” a second time
            

            

               MUCH QUICKER

               
                  THE experts took it much faster, cleared the
                  lot with one jump and landed on the back wheel, keeping the front wheel
                  off the ground until they had things perfectly under control.

               Alex Woods was another of Irish competitors who showed
                  up well earning fourth place in the 350 race and fifth, after Williams, in the 500 race on his fast 350
                  machine. Ernie Lyons did well to drive a “wedge” amongst
                  the four
                  Dot works men in the 250 race but
                  it appeared to me that his N.S.U.
                  did not have the speed of the Dots, and he appeared to tire,
                  possibly through having to work so hard with a
                  slower machine.

                The surprise of the meeting was the great improvement in the riding of
                     Eric Williams, brother of Ian. His win in the handicap was well merited.
                Revenue is a big difficulty for clubs here as the big events are road
                  races where no admission charge is possible, but I think that more
                  events of the Moto-Cross variety, which are run on enclosed circuits
                  where a charge can be col- lected, may at least be part of the
                  answer.
            

            

               BIG ATTENDANCE

               THIS type of sport is a novelty
                     to Irish people, but there was quite a big attendance on
                        Satur- day, and as word gets around as to its
                     value its appeal will increase.

               I know that the calendar is already very full, but it might be worth
                  while dropping some other events in favour of the Moto-Cross, and now is
                  the time to plan.

               With the last of the racing season events on Saturday, the
                        5OO
                        M.R.C.I. car meeting in
                        Ulster, the trials season opens in a big
                     way this month.

               For bikes there are three champion- ship trials in October, the
                     Belfast and
                  District Club’s, Barr Trophy
                     (6th), the Dublin and District Club’s,
                  Moran Cup (13th), and the Ulster
                  President’s Cup (27th).

               On Saturday in the Dublin area there is the Dublin University Club’s,
                  Fall Trial, starting from Lamb Doyles (3.0). For cars on Saturday there is the Leinster Club’s, Vigzol Cup
                     Trial, a non-observed event, starting from the Phoenix Monument (3.0).

               On Sunday there is the first of the trials counting towards this season’s
                  Hewison Trophy competition, the
                  Limerick Club’s
                  Circuit of Clare, which this year takes the place
                  in the series of the same club’s Circuit of
                     Munster. The other Hewison event this month
                  is the Kilkenny Winter Trial
                  (28th). 

            

         

      
   

   

   


      
         
            Surface 4_1 of page 4 (sb_08)
             A newspaper article cutting. 
            
            
         
      

   


   
      

         

         

            Dublin And District Motor Cycle Club Had Day Out
            
               CONGRATULATIONS to the
                     Dublin and District Motor Cycle  Club whose International Moto Cross meeting on Saturday  last was one of the
                  most entertaining fixtures of the season.  the course at
                     Redbog was ideally suited for this sport and many 
                  of the English works ridersdescribed it as one of the
                   best in  Europe. 
               

            
            
               
               In the light og such an enthusi-astic reception it is now very much 
                  more than a possibility that next year's meeting will be included on 
                  the world championship table with  the result that
                  we may have a  unique invasion of manufacturers  teams including leading
                  English and Continental exponents.
               As expected the B.S.A and the Dot nominees
                  made a clean sweep in the last three scratch races
                  on Satur- day last but quite a few names were made by Irishmen whose
                  pre- vious experience was gained from  dabbling in other branches of
                  the game together with a mere handful  of scrambles.
               Perhaps the most impressive was 
                  Harry O'Reilly's son, Frank, who
                  rode his Lightweight Tandon with 
                  an unbounded exuberance which  made quite a few of the stars, and  in
                  particular Bill Barugh og the 
                  Dot team, sit up and take note  After figuring
                  prominently in the  qualifying heat Frank put every-
                   thing he knew into the final and  going into the lead on the third lap
                   he stayed in front until the last half mile where he was headed by 
                  Eric Williams on the Mountjoy entered Ariel.
            
            
               
                   FIGURED PROMINENTLY
                If he continues to improve at  the present rate there is little
                   doubt that Frank O'Reilly could  turn out to be a
                  really top class  Moto Cross and Road Racing star  He has certainly put
                  his Grasstrack  experience to great use and his long distance road racing
                  debut on the Brian Somers B.S.A at this year's
                     Skerries "100" gave some indication of the Dubliner's
                  ability
               The Williams brothers, Ian and 
                  Eric also caught the eye on Saturday  last and
                  both of them figured promi- nently in the awards list. Indeed  were it
                  not for the fact that Eric had shown such a
                  terrific improve-ment in his riding he could never  have overhauled
                     Frank O'Reilly in order to capture the Freeman  Trophy in the general handicap final.
               Ian, who rode at several cross
                      Channel meetings last season was  the fastest Irishman of the
                  dat as  he took Ted Barret's other Ariel into  fourth place in the Senior scratch  race despite a heavy tumbe en
                  route He also occupied a similar position  in the general handicap and
                  con  sidering that he was riding off such  a short mark of one and a
                  half  minutes he did extremely well to get the flag so near to
                     Brian Stone- bridge the B.S.A expert.
               
               The evergreen Ernie Lyons gave  the huge crowds plenty
                  to enthuse  over in the 250 c.c. event and his 
                  fourth position behind three of the  Dot men and in
                  front of another  of them calls for honourable men-tion Unfortunately
                     Freddie Dixon who was also expected to do well in
                   the same event broke his frame on the first lap and took no further
                   part in the proceedings
            
            
               NORTHERN SUCCESSES
               Several Ulster riders hit the  headlines during the
                  afternoon. the most successful of them being 
                  Alex McFarland Woods from Bel-
                     fast who finished fourth to the B.S.A. team in the 350
                     c.c. scratch race fifth to Ian
                     Williams and the  same trio in the Senior
                     event and  sixth in the genereal handicap all on a Junior 'Gold Star".
               Alan Bradshaw made news with his 
                  Francis-Barnett when taking a very
                   creditable sixth in the opening en- counter and he finished up the day
                   as eight man home in the general  handicap with a comparatively 
                  short allowance of one lap.
               The Car Trials season gets into its  stride this
                  weekend when the Lein- ster Motor Club holds it Vigzol Cup  meeting over a 60 mile course start-
                  ing in the Phoenix Park at 3 p.m on
                  Saturday. Navigation by Ordnance  Survey sheets No. 16 and 13 will play 
                  an important part in prodeedings  and references by the old and new 
                  grid system will be supplied to competitors
               Sunday's Circuit of Clare T 
                   which starts from Limerick at 
                   a.m. wukk narj tge beginning of the
                  
                  Hewison Trophy competition
                   and because of this all leading
                        Dublin and Provincial enthusiasts are ex-pected to make the
                  journey for this well supported fixture.
            
         

      
   


   


   
      

         
            
               Surface 5_1 of page 5 (sb_09)
               A black and white photograph of a motorcycle racer; Ian
                     Williams (foreground), and an unidentified group of people watching
                  (background)
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 5_2 of page 5 (sb_09)
               A black and white photograph of a motorcycle racer; Ian
                     Williams (foreground), and an unidentified man watching
                  (background)
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 5_3 of page 5 (sb_09)
                A newspaper article cutting. 
               
               
            
         



         
            
               Surface 5_4 of page 5 (sb_09)
                A newspaper article cutting.
               
               
            
         

      
   

   
      

         

         

         

         

            
               WILLIAMS BROTHERS IN
                     FORM
            
            
               The Dublin University Club held a grass- track race
                  meeting in Powerscourt on Satur- day. The Williams Brother had a good  day with three wins
                  and three places between  them. Ian Williams
                  and Ernie Lyons again  had some close tussles,
                     Lyons winning the 
                  graded scratch race and Williams the 500 c.c. scratch in the
                  best time of the day. Results:–
            

            
               
                  Graded Scratch 1
                         – 1,
                     S.A. Tracey
                   (James), 5m. 28. s.; 2. G.T. Nolan
                     (James);
                  3. D. Hughes
                     (James). 
               
                  Graded Scratch 2
                         – 1,
                     E. Williams(Ariel), 5m. 11. s.; 2. C. Pearson (B.S.A.); 3,
                     &gt;G.T.  Scarlett  (Sun). 
               
                  Graded Scratch 3
                         – 1,
                     E. Lyons(Triumph-
                     J.A.P.), 4m. 48. s.; 2. I. Williams (Ariel); 
                  3, &gt;E.A. Callaghan
                   (R./Einfield). 
               
                  Open
                     Handicap – 1,
                     E. Williams(Ariel), handicap 30s., time 5m. 0s.; 2. I. Williams
                   (Ariel), 2s.; 3. G.T. Scarlett
                     (Sun), 35s. 
               
                  200 c.c.
                        Scratch – 1,
                     F.C. Dickinson (Sun), 5m. 3s.; 2.
                     J. Pitchford
                   (Dot); 3, 
                  G.T. Scarlett (Sun). 
               
                  350 c.c.
                        Scratch – 1,
                     J. D. Roche (B.S.A.), 5m. 8s.; 2. C. Pearson
                   (B.S.A.); 
                  3, R. Rennicks
                     (B.S.A.). 
               
                  500 c.c.
                        Scratch – 1,
                     I. Williams(Ariel), 4m. 39s.; 2. E. Lyons
                   (Triumph-J.A.P.); 
                  3, E.
                     Williams (Ariel). 
            
         

         

            
               Terrific Motor  Cycle Finish
            
            
               HIGHLIGHT of the Dun 
                     Laoghaire motor cycle  club's grass track
                     meeting at 
                  Rochestown Avenue yesterday  was a terrific neck - and
                  - neck  struggle between Ian Williams
                   (Ariel) and Mervyn Hayes (Royal  Enfield) in the
                  senior race. For  lap after lap the pair fought it  out. Williams got the verdict by  a fraction of a second. 
               500 c.c.
                              Scr. – 1, I.
                     Williams (Ariel); 
                  2. M. Hayes (Royal
                     Enfield); 3,  E.  Williams
                     (Ariel). 
               350 c.c.
                           Class – 1, D. Dixon (Jap);  2. M. Foran
                     (B.S.A); 3,  D.
                     Byrne
                   (B.S.A). 
               250 c.c.
                           Class – 1, H. Buchanan
                   (Francis Barnett); 2.
                     F. O'Reilly
                   (Tandom); 3,  C.
                     O'Neill (Dot). 
               250 c.c.
                           heat winners–Buchanan and 
                  J. McCaffe (Dot). 
               General
                           Handicap winner–M. Foran
                   (B.S.A.). 
            
         

      
   

   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 06_1 of page 6 (sb_10)
               A black and white photograph of three motorcycle racers with some
                  unidentified onlookers in the background
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 06_2 of page 6 (sb_10)
               A black and white photograph of a motorcycle racer; Ian
                     Williams
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 06_3 of page 10 (sb_10)
                A newspaper article cutting. 
               
               
            
         

      
   


   
      

         

         
            The sky's the limit . . . so thinks Ian
                  Williams as he directs his Arielinto space.
         

         


         

            
               WILLIAMS'S TREBLE
            
            
               At the Dublin University Motor-cycle and Light Car
                     Club's grass- track race meeting, held in Powerscourt,
                        Co. Wicklow, on Saturday. Ian Williams (Ariel)
                  scored a treble and made fastest time of the day.  Other winners
                  included C.F. Scarlett,  who won two events.
                  Results:–
               Graded
                           Scratch No. 1 – 1, K. Cotter
                   (Excelsior); 2. M. D.
                     Thornton (Dot); 3,
                   J. Poyrton (Dot)., 5 mins. 42 secs. 
               Graded
                           Scratch No. 2 – 1, G. F.
                     Scar-lett (Dot), 2.
                     F. C. Dickinson (Dot); 3,
                   J. Barkley (Sun)., 5 mins. 28 secs. 
               Graded
                           Scratch No. 3 – 1, I.
                     Williams
                   (Ariel), 2. E. Williams (Ariel); 3,
                  D. J.  Dixon (Norton/Jap). 5 mins. 5 secs. 
               Allcomers'
                           Handicap Final – 1, I.
                     Williams (Ariel),
                     scr.; 2. E. Williams
                  (Ariel), h'cap 5
                  secs.; 3, G. F. Scarlett
                   (Dot), 18 secs. 5 mins. 0 secs. 
               250 c.c.
                           scratch – 1, G. F. Scarlett
                   (Dot); 2. F.C.
                     Dickinson (Dot); 3,
                     D.  Pearson(N.S.U.) 5 mins, 17 secs. 
               350 c.c.
                           scratch – 1, D. J. Dixon
                   (Norton/Jap); 2. S.
                     Foody (B.S.A.); 3, 
                  W. E. Harris(B.S.A.) 5 mins, 11 secs. 
               500 c.c.
                           scratch – 1, I. Williams
                     (Ariel);  2. E. Williams (Ariel); 3, J. Porter(Jap),  4 mins, 58 secs. 
            

         

      
   

   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 7_1 of page 7 (sb_11)
                A black and white photograph of two men racing across a field on
                  motorcyles. Shot from behind. 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 7_2 of page 7 (sb_11)
                A balck and white photograph of two men racing motorbikes as a crowd
                  watches from the sidelines. The mortorbike in the lead (left) is marked number
                  '38', the motorbike in the second position (right) is marked number'39'. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 7_3 of page 7 (sb_11)
                A newspaper clipping. 
               
               
            
         

      
   

   
      

         

         


         


         
            
               B.S.A. Works Team For D. And D. Meeting
            

            
               B.S.A.’s have just announced
                  their intention of sending over an official works team for the Dublin and District Motor Cycle
                     Club’s International Moto Cross meeting over the new course at
                     Red Bog later in the month and this news will
                  certainly give a terrific boost to the already highly interesting
                  programme.
               The Birmingham factory will be represented by the high
                  ranking English stars, Brian Stonebridge,
                  David Tye and Terry Cheshire all of
                  whom will be supplied with
                  Senior and Junior " Gold Stars.”
                  Cheshire and Tye were both seen in
                  action at the Curragh last year, but
                     Stonebridge, who is in the world championship class
                  will be making his first appearance on our soil.
               Enquiries have also been received from Dutch and German riders and it is
                  quite possible that a number of them will make the trip to
                  Ireland immediately after the con- clusion of the
                     International Six Days’ Trial on  the
                     Continent. Well-known Ulster men already included in the
                  colourful line-up are
                  Alex McFarland-Woods, Brian Cross
                  and Alan Bradshaw while the cross- Channel Dot team have asked for special permission to compete in
                  all classes. Fortunately there is a clause in the regulations which
                  makes a proviso giving visitors a special concession in this respect so
                  that Bill Barugh and his team mates will be able to face
                  the starter as often as they wish. 
               And indeed, judging by some of their outstanding performances
                  in the past, it is safe to say that these 197 c.c. two-strokers will be more than a match for many
                  of their heavyweight rivals.
               One of the strongest Irish teams should be the Ariel
                  trio, nominated by Mr. Ted Barrett, of Mountjoy Motor Cycles, Ltd. This very
                  fast line-up consists of Des. Cullen and the
                     Williams’ brothers, Ian and Eric, who
                  have been riding with such dis- tinction during the past few seasons.
                  The Phibsboro’ sponsor has always been very closely
                  connected with the sport, and any successes gained by his B.S.A. or Ariel nominees have been very well received by
                  followers of all branches of the game.
                Most of the leading Dublin expo- nents have already
                  sent in their entries, but it should be noted that the list will finally
                  close on Satur- day, and no late entries can possibly be considered
                  after that date. In- deed. by the looks of things, it may well happen
                  that some prospective competitors will have to be included amongst the
                  reserves if nominations continue to pour in at the present.
            
         

      
   

   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 8_1 of page 8 (sb_15)
                A black and white photograph of two men racing motorcycles. Ian Williams (foreground) and another unidentified racer
                  (background) 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 8_2 of page 8 (sb_15)
                A two column newspaper cutting. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 8_3 of page 8 (sb_15)
                A black and white photograph of a motorcycle racer; Ian
                     Williams. 
               
               
            
         

      
   

   
      

         

         

         
            
               MOTOR CYCLE AND SCOOTER NOTES
            


            
               The best Last.
               For some reason, as yet un- explained, the graded scratch raceswhich normally open the pro-gramme, where
                  the last events to be  contested at Sunday's open
                     grass track, organised by the Dalcassian 
                     M.C.C., and run over an entirely  new course at
                     Clonmoney, bun-ratty. And,
                  whereas the official pro-gramme proclaimed that four of  these events
                  should be run, in fact, there were only two. 
               It was the second and fastest of these that the finest
                   racing of the season so far was witnessed. For nearly three laps,
                     Willie Harris, that most likeable  lanky
                     County Dublin farmer – whose  extreme shyness in
                  company con-trasts strangely with his tigerish  determination in the
                  saddle – held  an incredible lead over Mervyn 
                     Hayes and Ian Williams. The 
                  magnitudeof Harris's achievement  will be
                  obvious when it is realised  that both Williams and Hayes
                   straddled highly specialised J.A.P.
                   engined grasstrack specials of 500  c.c., while
                     Harris was mounted on a  virtually standard–though
                  admit-dely dope-burning – Gold Star
                     B.S.A. of only 350 c.c. 
               Eventually, both J.A.P.'s got past the
                     B.S.A. and spectator interest 
                  shifted from incredulous admira-tion of
                     Harris's
                  David versus 
                  Goliath act, to palpitations
                  appre-hension regarding the outcome of the fierce struggle between
                     Wil-liams and Hayes.
                  For two laps 
                  Williams, unused to defeat in any  class,
                  strove mightily to get past  his opponent, who enjoyed the ad-vantage of
                  an early lead. But 
                  Hayes, one of the jolliest of men,  grinning impishly
                  all the time, was  as willing to ride on the verge of  disaster as the
                  other, and won  narrowly. The gallant Harris was
                  third.... This was a great race! * * *
               
            

            
               The Other Events.
               Only less exciting by comparison  with such heart-stopping stuff  were
                  the other events on the pro-gramme. Ian
                     Williams had dam-aged the rear suspension of his 
                  fleet Barnett in practice, and was a
                   non-starter in the 250 class, as  were the Freddie
                     Dickson-Geary
                  Scarlet Dot equippe, who failed to
                   turn up, so the reliable Jimmy  Kavanagh had a
                  little troulbe in  bringing his Francis Barnett (the  only one in the country besides 
                  William's) into first place. He was followed
                  hime by Michael  Smurfit on the screaming Dodder
                   (a twin-cylinder Akder engine in a  Dot frame). Third place went to 
                  Limerick's Don Kelly on the ex-
                  Harrington
                  James. There wasn't much real
                  opposition in this class  – Tommy Griffin's Excelsior was  windbroken. Corkman
                     Pat O'Shea's Jawa-engined
                     special was temper- amental. and, despite neat
                  riding, 
                  Joe MacMahon could do little on  an underpowered
                     James. 
                  * * *
               
            

            
               * * *  Spills and Other Things
               Ian Williams beat Mervyn
                  Hayes in the 500 c.c. scratch race.
                     Eric  Williams, on another J.A.P, was a  comfortable second until he spilled.
                  George Harris was a good third.  Two lads from Cork Club found  their way into the
                     Munster riders'  handicap, and took first and
                  second  places, after Don Kelly, who was leading by a
                  street, spilled through  over-eagerness. Actually the
                     Naas
                   men should not have been allowed to ride in this event, which was
                  originally intended for residents in the province of
                     Munster only. That  remark is not intended to
                  belittle  the achievement of Con Hederman, who also
                  took first place in the  all-comer's handicap, in which event
                  Dermot
                     Byrne of Dublin, out for the
                   first time since sustaining a thumb  injury at the last
                     Dalcassian meet- ing in
                     Nenagh, took second place,  as well as winning his
                  heat. 
                  * * *
               
               Byrne, in fact, had a real field  day, because he also
                  took first  place in graded scratch race A, 
                  and Limerick's Dan Kelly had the
                  distinction of running into more places than any other rider. Of  the
                  remaining Limerickmen, Mick MacEoin was foolish enough
                  to  meddle in a major way with his  peak-conquering James on the day before the event, in quest
                  of more  speed, with the result that the un- fortunate engine gave up
                  the ghost of Sunday during the first practice  lap. Matt
                     Murphy did his best with  the same detuned James as Joe  McMahon.
               
               The Automobile Association sign-posing was, if
                  anything, better than ever, and the Red Cross and 
                  Garda Siochana played their ex- pected reliable parts
                  Without  these and other voluntary helpers,  including the timekeepers,
                  Mr. and  Mrs. and the Misses O'Reilly, it  would be
                  impossible to run a de-cent grasstrack. May their gener- osity be rewarded!
                  * * *
               
            

            
               250 c.c. (scr.)–J. M.
                     Kavanagh
                   (Dublin) (247 Francis
                     Barnet), 1;
                  M Smurfit (Dublin) (247 Dodder),
                  2; D.
                     Kelly(Limerick) (197 James), 3. 4.56 
               350 c.c. (scr.)– W.E.
                     Harris (Clon-dalkin) (B.S.A.), 1; J.L. Hickey (Naas)
                     (B.S.A.), 2; K. Hilton
                     (Dublin) (B.S.A.), 4. 4.37. 
               500 c.c. (scr.) – 1, Williams (Dub-lin) (497 Ariel Jap),  1; M J. Hayes
                  (497 B.S.A Jap),  2; G. C. Harris
                  (497 Ariel), 3. 4.35. 
               
                  All-Comers Handicap–C.
                     Hed-derman (Naas) (499 B.S.A.), 1: D.  J. Byrne
                     (Dublin) (497
                     Jap), 2;
                     D.  Kelly (Limerick). 3. 
               
                  Graded ScratchA: – Byrne, 1;
                  Smurfit, 2;
                     Kelly, 3. 4.35. B–Hayes, 
                  1; William, 2; W. Harris, 3. 4.10. 
               "Munster" Riders' Handicap – 
                  1, Hedderman;
                     2, Hickey;
                     3, 
                  Kelly. 
               After the grasstrack, the awards  were presented in the Desmond
                      Hotel by Ald.
                  G.E. Russel, T.D., 
                  Hon. President of the Dalcassians
                  
                  * * *
               
            

         

         

      
   


   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 9_1 of page 9 (sb_17)
                A newspaper clipping. 
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 9_2 of page 9 (sb_17)
                A newspaper clipping. 
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 9_3 of page 9 (sb_17)
                A newspaper article cutting featuring an in-article photograph. 
               
               
            
         


      
   

   
      

         

         
            
               Few finishers  in scrambles
            

            
               HEAVY rain made
                  the going 
                  difficult in yesterday's
                     Dublin
                  District Motor Cycle
                     Club's 
                  
                  les at Red Bog, near 
                  Blessington. and the distance
                  of  the races was shortened. 
               
                  Even then there were very few finishers: in the main event
                      only eight finished out of 23  starters.
               
               One of the two Belfast visitors, 
                  Brian Cross (B.S.A.), won the
                  second graded scratch race, the  third going to
                     Ian Williams (Francis-Barnett), who made best  lap of the day in 3 m. 56
                  s. In the 
                  open handicap he made a fast  start aand then
                  retired. 
               Bob Thompson (Triumph), who  had won the first scratch
                     race,  led the handicap from a long mark  for eight of the ten
                  laps and then  ran into trouble. Brian Lamb. the 
                  only surviving backmarker, came  right through the field and took  the
                  lead on lap nine to win by  nearly two minutes. Results:–
            

            
               Graded Scratch Race No. 1 (3 
                  laps) – R. R. Thompson.
                     199 Triumph. 17 m. 27 s., 1; M. Flynn.
                     347 Match-less, 18 m. 26 s.,
                     2: G. D.
                     Dixon, 197  Dot, 18
                  m. 36 s., 3; K.
                     Cotter, 246
                         Excelsior, 23 m., 50 s., 4. 
               Graded Scratch Race 2–B.N.
                     Cross, 
                  348 B.S.A. , 13 m. 40 s., 2; 1: L. S. Gill
                  347 Matchless. 14 m. 3 s. 2:W. H. 
                     Russel. 347 Matchless. 14
                  m. 7 s., 3; 
                  C.Childs..
                     497 Ariel. 14 m. 43 s., 4; 
                  D. C. Ewen, 347
                     A.J.S., 15 m. 27 s.,  5. 
               Graded Scratch Race 3–I. Williams
                  
                  249 F/Barnett, 11m. 56s., 1; M. G. 
                     Tracey. 497 Ariel. 12m.
                  32s.. 2; 
                  F. C. Dickson, 249
                     Dot. 12m. 48s., 
                  3; E
                     Williams. 497 Ariel.
                  13m. 18s., 4; B.G. Lamb, 497 Ariel. 13m.  49 s., 5 
               General Handicap (10 laps) –
                     B. G.  Lamb. 497
                     Ariel (2 mins.), 45m.  59s., 1; J. L. Hickey. 348 B.S.A (1 lap), 47 m. 50s., (2m. 30s). 2: Childs
                  49m. 2s.,
                  4; D. C.
                  Ewen.. 347 A.J.S.
                  
                  (1 lap)and 1m 45s.) 54m. 57s., 7;
                  R. R. Thompson. 199 Triumph (2 
                  laps and 3m), 59m.
                     10s., 8.
               
            
         


         

            
               GRASS TRACK RACING


               
                  M. Hayes takes two  mile title
                  
            


            
               
                  The two mile 500 c.c. grass-
                      track championship of the 
                  Southern Centre Motor Cycle Union  of Ireland,
                  contested at the Irish  M.C.C. meeting at
                     Terenure College,
                  Dublin. yesterday, was a very fast  race, mainly
                  fought out by Ian
                      Willliams  (Ariel)
                  and Mercyn Hapes
                   (J.A.P.), who outpaced the
                     Belfast rider, W J. Agnew
                     (J.A.P.). 
               
                  Williams made a good start and
                      led for the most of the race. but was  passed by
                        Hayes on the last lap  and narrowly beaten.
               
               Williams had previously beaten 
                  Hayes in a graded scratch race,
                  which he won bt four seconds in
                   best time of the day 3m. 42s. He  collected another place when
                  finish-ing second from scratch in the
                  general handicap. 
               Southern Centre, M.C.U.I.,
                        500 c.c.  Two-mile Championship (5 laps)
                  – M. J. Hayes (J.A.P., 1; I. Williams
                     (Ariel). 2; W. J. Agnew
                     (J.A.P.), 3. 3m 5s: won  by
                  .2s. 
               Graded Scratch Race 1 (6 laps) – J. 
                     Pitchford (F/Barnett). 1:
                     M. Kavanagh (Dot). 2; W. J. Walshe (A.J.S) .3. 4m  18s; won by 1s. 
               Graded Scratch Race 2 – H. Buchanan
                   (Triumph). 1: J.
                     Barkley (Sun). 2; 
                  E. A. Callaghan (Sun). 3. 4m 5s: won  by .2s. 
               Graded Scratch Race 3 – F. O'Reilly 
                     (Tan-don). 1; D.
                     Pearson (N.S.U.). 2;
                     D.Monson (Adler). 3. 4m 6s; won by 2s. 
               Graded Scratch Race 4 – I.
                     Williams (Ariel). 1; M. J. Hayes
                     (J.A.P.), 2; E. Williams
                   (Ariel). 3. 3m 42s; won by 4s. 
               250 c.c. Scratch – J. M. Kavanagh
                   (Sun), 1; D.
                     Pearson (N.S.U.), 2; J. Barkley
                     (Sun).3. 4m 3s; won by 3.4s. 
               350 c.c. Scratch – D. J. Dixon
                     (Norton-J.A.P.), 1;
                     W. J. Agnew (J.A.P.), 2;
                  W. E. Harris (B.S.A.), 3; 3m. 49s;  won by 4s. 
               Allcomers' Handicap Final (12 laps) – 
                  J. M. Kavanagh (Sun), h'cap .64s. 1: 
                  I. Williams (Ariel). scr,2: J. Barkley
                   (Sun), 64s, 2 8m 4s: won by
                  3.8s.... 3. 4m 6s; won by 2s. 
               Bob Fallon Trophy (interclub team race – M.C.C.
                     (I. Williams. D. Dixon,
                     F.  O'Reilly), 14 points; Dun
                     Laoghaire, 17; Leinster, 31. 
            

         



         

            
               Rider, machinepart company
            

            
               
                  A black and white up close photograph of Ian
                        Williams seconds after a fall off his bike. Williams is on the ground, while his bike is seen toppling
                     through the field. In the background a man waving a flag runs towards the
                     scene. 
                  
                  
               
               Ian Williams
                        (Dublin) was going well before taking this 
                     tumble during the Irish cham- pionships grass-track
                        meeting, organised by the Dublin and District
                        Motor Cycle Club, at
                     Butlin's Holiday Camp, yester- day. After
                     examinations Ian was discovered to have
                        broken his collar bone. 
            


         

      
   


   

   
      

         
            
               Surface 10_1 of page 10 (sb_20)
               A newspaper article cutting.
               
               
            
         

         
            
               Surface 10_2 of page 10 (sb_20)
                A newspaper article cutting.
               
               
            
         


         
            
               Surface 10_3 of page 10 (sb_20)
                A newspaper article cutting with an in-article photograph. 
               
               
            
         



         
            
               Surface 10_4 of page 10 (sb_20)
               A black and white photograph of 5 men (Ian
                     Williams, centre) standing in a field posing for a group
                     photograph.Ian Williams is pictured centre
                  wearing overalls. The text "Powerscort '56" has been written by hand directly onto
                  the photograph (top) 
               
               
            
         

      
   


   
      

         

         
            
               Motor cycling

               Long just misses hat-trick
            

            
               DAVID LONG (Dodler) had a most
                  successful day at the
                  Irish M.C.C. grasstrack races at
                  Bloomfield, Merrion road, Dublin, yesterday, winning
                  the first race, a graded scratch event, and the
                  last, the allcomers’ handicap, in which he
                  passed the limit man, C. O'Connor
                  (Francis-Barnett) at half-distance
                  and went on to win by nine seconds. He nearly won the 250
                     c.c. scratch race also, but was brought off on the last lap by
                     G. F. Scarlett (Dot), who was attempting to pass him. Fastest riders
                  were the  Williams brothers,
                     lan beating Eric to win his
                     graded scratch race in best time of the day, 2m.
                  38s., and Eric turn- ing the tables in the 500 c.c. scratch, which he
                  won in the same time.
            

            
               Results :—
                  Graded Scratch Race A—1, D. Long (247 Dodler); 2. C. O’Connor (197 F/ Barnett); 3, J. D. Roche (197 Dot). Win- ner’s time, 3m. 3s.
                  Graded Scratch B—1, A. Conlon (348 B.S.A.): 2, J M. Kavanagh (249 F/Bar- nett); 3. D. McGowan (348 B.S.A.). 2.49.
                  Graded Scratch C—1. D J. Dixon (499  B.S.A.); 2, A. Marr (499 B.S.A.); 3. I. 
                     Williams (249
                     F/Barnett). 2.44 
                  Graded Scratch D—1, I Williams
                  (497 
                  
                     Ariel); 2,
                        E. Williams (497
                           J.A.P.); 3, 
                     D. Hughes (497 J.A.P). 2 38. 
                     200 c.c. Scratch—1. R. J.
                        G.Kidd
                     
                     (Sun); 2,  H. Mooney
                        (Triumph); 3, C. 
                        O'Connor
                     (F. Barnett),
                     3.0. 
                     
                        250 c.c. Scratch—1. I. Williams
                        (F/ 
                        Barnett); 2, J. M. Kavanagh
                        (F/Barnett); 
                     3
                        D. Long
                     (Dodler). 2.48. 
                  350 c.c. Scratch—1, W E Harris
                   (B.S A.); 2. D. J. Dixon (Norton-J.A.P.); 
                  3
                  S. Foody (B.S.A.).
                  2.40. 
                  500 c c. Scratch—1, E. Williams
                   (J.A.P.); 2, I. Williams
                     (Ariel); 3, D. Hughes (J.A.P.). 2.38. 
                  General Handicap Final—1, D. Long
                   (247 Dodler). h’cap 68s.: 2, G. D. Forde
                  
                  (244 Excelsior),
                  72s.; 3. C.
                     O’Connor
                  
                  (197 F/Barnett),
                  80s.; 6 38.
            

         



         
            
               
                  SUNDAY REVIEW
            



            
               MOTOR-CYCLING...

               BY BR

               Big Test Nenagh
            

            
               AT three o’clock this afternoon, the
                  first 1958
                  motor-cycle grass-track event will get under way at
                     Drummin Field, just outside
                  Nenagh town.
            
            

            
                This is the first time that such an honour has fallen to a provincial
                  club.
               And it is due to the fact that the 
                        I.M.C.C
                        Irish Motorcycle Club
                     . date scheduled for yesterday was abandoned because
                  the usual course at Hazelhatch was not
                  available.
               The Ormond 
                        M.C.C.
                        Motorcycle Club
                     , who organise to-day’s event, are a newly-formed
                  club and have never run any kind of open event before.
            


            
               DOT TWINS
               Some idea of the fare to be expected can be had from the performances in
                  last week’s Dunlop scramble.
               Chief interest is in the
                  250 c.c. class, where the newly
                  imported Dot twins in the hands of Jack
                     Kavenagh and Gerald Scarlett do
                  battle with the new 
                        A.M.C.
                        Associated Motorcycles
                      engined
                  Francis Barnetts, ridden by
                  Ian Williams and  Jim
                     Kavenagh.
               Ian Williams is Ariel- mounted in the 500 c.c. class.
               The competition comes from his brother, Eric, who
                  rides either an Ariel or a
                  JAP-engined special, and
                  George Harps, also Ariel- mounted.
               Dermot Byrne rides his recently acquired JAP.
            


            
               LOCAL MEN
               Local interest is in
                  Dalcassian
                        Dalcassian Motorcycle Club
                      riders McEoin (James), Kelly (James), Len- non
                     (Norton).
               Early entries close to- morrow for the Limerick Motor
                     Club’s
                  Circuit of Munster, the annual car rally held
                  over the Whit week-end.
               This year’s event takes the same form as that of pre- vious years—about
                  600 miles of driving in two days.
               here are four starting points — Cork,
                     Limerick,
                  Dublin, and Urlingford.
            


            
            
               BIG ENTRY
               THERE is a big entry for the Athlone
                  Hockey Club’s annual mixed 6-a-side tournament at Grace Park,
                  Athlone, to-day.
            
         





         
            
               Isle of Man Win For Miller?
            
            
               THIS week sees the annual
                  mecca of motor- cyclists in full swing. The Isle of
                     Man
                  
                        TT
                        Tourist Trophy
                      week is just as attractive as ever and Irish- men are
                  likely to be as prominent as usual.
            
            
            
               We stand a good chance of seeing Sammy Miller
                  finish in front this year. He will be riding a 125 c.c Ducati in the ultra light-
                     weight event over Clypse on Wednesday.
               In the 250 c.c. event he rides a
                     Czechoslovakian CZ and his
                  competition will include two other Ulster riders who should not be
                  too far behind—Tommy Robb and Davy
                     Andrews, who ride N.S.U.s entered by
                  Tommy Hill.
            

            
               FAVOURITE
                Another Ulsterman rides in both senior and junior events on an A.J.S.
                  (350) and a Norton (500).
               Judging by practice times last week, it seems that John
                  must be a favourite for the senior honours of the
                  week on a works M.V. Augusta.
               Irish fans, returning from the Island immediately
                  after the 
                        I.O.M.
                        Isle of Man
                      racing, will move straight to
                     Butlin’s Holiday Camp, Mosney, where the Dublin and Dis- trict 
                        M.C.C.
                        Motorcycle Club
                     
                   hold their annual championship meet- ing next Saturday.
            

            
               BIG SURPRISE
               Included in the programme will be the National two-
                     mile 500 c.c. and 250 c.c. championships, as well as the 350 c.c. southern centre one.
                I expect Davy Dixon to retain this title, but if a
                  southerner comes out on top in either of the others it will be a big
                  surprise.
               

               
                  A black and white up close photograph of Sammy Miller wearing a white
                     racing helmet and goggles (positioned on the helmet). A 'cut' located in the
                     third column (top) of the article 10.3, "Islse of Man for Miller" 
                  
                  
                  SAMMY MILLER

               

               
                  Ian Williams, on the
                  Francis Barnett, might just
                  manage it in the  250 race.
                Racing starts at 3.30 and will conclude at about  5.45 p.m.
            
         

         
            Powerscourt
                  '56
            
         

      
   

